End User License Agreement
==========================

PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (“EULA”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE TUGMEDI  SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW). USING THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE PROVES YOU CERTIFYING THAT YOU ARE EITHER AN ACADEMIC OR NOT-FOR-PROFIT END USER (AS DEFINED BELOW) AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, WHICH MAY BE UPDATED FROM TIME TO TIME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, DO NOT USE THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE.

This END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (“EULA”) for **Academic or Not-for-Profit end users (“ANPEU”)** is a legally binding contract between you, an ANPEU, and **National Cancer Center Japan (“NCC”)**. In this EULA, an ANPEU means a scientist undertaking research activities in an academic institution, government research laboratory, or not-for-profit organization (“Institution”) where neither the scientist nor the Institution is engaged with a commercial entity in any manner, including undertaking research and development on behalf of a commercial entity, related to the subject matter of this EULA. NCC and you may be individually referred to in this EULA as a “Party” and collectively as “Parties.”

NCC has developed a proprietary software called 'tugMedi'. NCC has made the tugMedi software available for free use by ANPEUs for scientific research purposes only.

### THE FOLLOWING TERMS WILL GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE tugMedi SOFTWARE.

**1. GRANT AND SCOPE OF LICENSE**

1.1. Permitted uses. NCC grants you a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, and limited right to use the tugMedi software for the purpose of undertaking academic, governmental, or non-for-profit research (“Scope of License”). 

1.2. Prohibited uses. Your use of the tugMedi software is limited to the Scope of License as described in Section 1.1 above. For clarity, you may not: a) at any time, directly or indirectly, dispute or contest the exclusive licensing rights of NCC in tugMedi software; transfer or assign any of your rights or obligations under this EULA to any third party without the prior written consent ofNCC; disclose, provide, or to otherwise make tugMedi software or access thereto available in full or in part and in any form to any third party or natural or legal person (“Person”); b) use tugMedi software or data generated therefrom for any non-academic purposes or applications of any kind; c) copy, translate or modify tugMedi software and any other copyrighted work or confidential information provided by NCC in relation to tugMedi software or grant third parties access or rights to changed or modified versions of tugMedi software; d) reproduce, make, have made, use, import, export, or sell any product or service derived from the use of tugMedi software without express written permission from NCC under separate license; e) in whole or in part, whether modified or unmodified, incorporate tugMedi software into other programs or sublicense tugMedi software to any third parties; f) work around, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble tugMedi software, publish for others to copy, rent, lease, lend, or host tugMedi software to or for third parties for any reason,

**2.	OWNERSHIP** Without prejudice to the permitted uses granted to you in Section 1.1 above, NCC has the exclusive rights in all copies of tugMedi software, in full or in part, as well as the right to distribute, sub-license, display, and make derivative works of tugMedi software. All aspects and parts of tugMedi software are the property of NCC and nothing in this EULA shall serve to, or should be construed to transfer any ownership rights whatsoever in tugMedi software to you.

**3.	SOFTWARE UPGRADES NCC**, at its discretion, may make available future upgrades to the tugMedi software. The terms of this EULA will govern any future upgrades or updates provided by NCC in relation to the tugMedi software unless such updates or upgrades are accompanied by a separate license.

**4.	PUBLICATIONS** You have the right to publish experimental data or results generated through your use of the tugMedi software in scientific manuscripts and conference abstracts, posters, or presentations (“Publication Events”). You shall acknowledge your use of the tugMedi software as the source of such data or results in all Publication Events by citing the appropriate publication or acknowledgment as provided by NCC.

**5.	PROTECTION OF TUGMEDI SOFTWARE** 

5.1. Confidentiality. You acknowledge that tugMedi software is protected by Copyright law, and the related technology is protected by Patent law, it is proprietary information of NCC, and is hereby explicitly identified as confidential information. You agree to treat all confidential information with at least the same degree of care with which you treat your own confidential information and in no event with less care than is reasonably required to protect the confidentiality of tugMedi software. You shall take precautionary measures in order to prevent third parties from taking possession of, gain access to, or use tugMedi software, in whole or in part. Third parties may include any other ANPEU, companies, or organizations known to or collaborating with you in any capacity, including in matters not related to the subject matter of this EULA. 

5.2. Remedies For Breach Of Confidential Information. You acknowledge and agree that the confidentiality provisions of this EULA are necessary to protect the trade, commercial, and financial interests of NCC and that the unauthorized disclosure or use of any confidential information contrary to this EULA by you or your trainees, staff, or collaborators (“Representatives”) and your or your Representatives’ failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA will give rise to irreparable harm and significant injury to NCC that is inadequately compensable in monetary damages. Accordingly, NCC may, in addition to any other remedy available at law, enforce the performance of this EULA by injunction or specific performance upon application to a court of competent jurisdiction without proof of actual damage and without the requirement of posting a bond or other security, and notwithstanding that damages may be readily quantifiable. You agree not to plead sufficiency of damages as a defense in any proceeding.

**6.	DISCLAIMER NCC LICENSES**, AND YOU ACCEPT THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS EULA "AS IS." NCC PROVIDES NO WARRANTIES AS TO THE FUNCTION OR USE OF THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF TUGMEDI SOFTWARE RESTS WITH YOU. NCC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR PERFORMED BY THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE WILL FUNCTION ERROR FREE.

**7.	INDEMNIFICATION AND WARRANTIES** 

7.1. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify NCC and hold it, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, and advisors, harmless from and against any and all claims, threats, loss, liabilities, damages, fees, or expenses, including costs, and attorney's fees and expenses, (individually “Claim” or collectively “Claims”) arising out of or relating to your breach of this EULA and the acts or omissions of your directors, officers, employees, consultants, and advisors in connection with the duties under this EULA. In addition, you agree to reimburse NCC for any and all costs, attorney's fees, and expenses incurred by NCC in enforcing the provisions of this EULA, whether by prosecution of a lawsuit or otherwise. You shall not be required to indemnify NCC, to the extent allowed by law, where such Claim is caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of NCC. 

7.2. Infringement. NCC warrants that, to the best of its knowledge, tugMedi software does not infringe any intellectual property rights of any third party. You will notify NCC promptly upon becoming aware of any claim or assertion by a third party to the contrary.

**8.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY** 

8.1. IN NO EVENT SHALL NCC OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, OR ADVISORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR EXPENSES OF ANY TYPE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, CORRUPTION OR LOSS OF DATA, FAILURE TO TRANSMIT OR RECEIVE ANY DATA OR INFORMATION, OR ACCESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THIS EULA OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE TUGMEDI SOFTWARE, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES OR EXPENSES ARISE OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT (INCLUDING FUNDAMENTAL BREACH), OR TORT OR ON ANY OTHER STATUTORY OR COMMON LAW BASIS, EVEN IF NCC OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, OR ADVISORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NCC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL HARM CAUSED BY DEFECTS AND CLAIMS RAISED BY THIRD PARTIES. LIABILITY OF THE CONTRACTUAL PARTIES SHALL BE RESTRICTED TO DAMAGES CAUSED INTENTIONALLY OR BY GROSS NEGLIGENCE AND IN NO EVENT SHALL NCC’S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS EULA EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF FIFTY ($50.00) DOLLARS.

**9.	ACCESS, TERM, AND TERMINATION** 

9.1. Access. You shall receive access to the tugMedi software after completing your profile. The profile submission requires your Institution name, complete mailing address, the internet protocol (IP) address of your Institution (for the purposes of secure authentication as an ANPEU), your name, your Institution email address, and your phone number. 

9.2. Term and Termination. This EULA is effective as of the activation date of your profile, as described in Section 9.1 above, until terminated. NCC may terminate this EULA with or without cause and without notice. Upon termination of this EULA, your access to the tugMedi software will cease immediately. Sections 1.2, 2, 5, 7.1, 8, 9.2, and 10 shall survive termination of this EULA.

**10.	GENERAL PROVISIONS** 

10.1. Non-Assignment. You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of your rights and obligations under this EULA, either by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of NCC, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

10.2. Relationship Of The Parties. The Parties are independent contractors under this EULA and this EULA does not and shall not be construed to create a partnership or joint venture, agency relationship, or employment relationship between them. Neither Party has the right or authority to create any obligations on behalf of the other Party. 

10.3. No Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this EULA shall be effective unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Party against whom the waiver is sought to be enforced. No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right under this EULA shall constitute a waiver of that right. 

10.4. Cumulative Remedies. Other than as expressly stated in this EULA, the remedies provided herein are in addition to, and without prejudice to, any other remedies of a Party at law or in equity. 

10.5. Severability. If any provision of this EULA is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, the provision shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of this EULA shall remain in full force and effect. 

10.6. Governing Law & Attornment. This EULA shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of Japan, and treated in all respects as a Japanese contract. Each Party to this EULA hereby irrevocably and unconditionally attorns and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the applicable Japanese courts in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this EULA. Further, each Party agrees that all such claims in respect of such actions or proceedings shall be heard and determined in Tokyo in such Japanese court. 

10.7. Entire Agreement. This EULA, including all the documents referenced herein and the schedules and exhibits hereto, constitute the complete and final agreement between the Parties as to its subject matter, and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, proposals, agreements, or representations, written or oral, concerning the subject matter of this EULA. No representation, undertaking, or promise shall be taken to have been given or be implied from anything said or written in negotiations between the parties prior to this EULA except as expressly stated herein. No amendment to this EULA shall be effective unless in writing and executed by authorized representatives of both Parties.

